README.md, before:

# Team Khronos
This repository is maintained by:

* [Victoria Rhine](https://github.com/Victoria-Rhine)
* [Maksim Stoyanov](https://github.com/MaxWOU) 
* [Brandon Linton](https://github.com/vern97)

We are Computer Science students at Western Oregon University, in the process of completing our senior sequence. This repository will contain all information on our capstone project: Beyond the Tutor.

### **Motto**
>*All in Good Time*

### The contents of this repository includes:

1. [BTT](https://github.com/vern97/Khronos)
    - Our primary team project
2. [Milestones](/Milestones)
    - [Milestone 1](/Milestones/Milestone_1)
        - Initial team vision. Created letterhead, team business cards, logo, schedule, project ideas and motto.
    - [Miletsone 2](/Milestones/Milestone_2)
        - Initial inception for inclass project. Chose two project ideas from the intitial three to further brainstorm.
    - [Milestone 3](/Milestones/Miletsone_3)
        - First sprint for inclass project. Decided on our team project: Beyond the Tutor. Started first inception, including interviews and questions, list of needs and features and use case diagram.
    - [Milestone 4](/Milestones/Milestone_4)
        - Second and final sprint for inclass project. Started second week of inception for Beyond the Tutor. Contains a markdown file linking to all pieces of inception material.
    - [Milestone 5](/Milestones/Milestone_5)
        - Completed sprint review for inclass project. Finished last week of reviewing inception, including finishing final ERD.
        
## Khronos Team Project
### Beyond the Tutor

Khronos has decided to take on a project to create a Tutoring service for the Computer Science Department at Western Oregon University.
We decided to take on this project because the Computer Science Department does not currently have a modern tutoring system. With the expansion
of the Computer Science field, we believe that our department deserves the best technology they can get their hands on to assist the learning environment for 
current and future Computer Science students; Khronos aims to bring that vision to life for their tutoring program.

### Vision Statement

>*Placeholder*

Commit message:

Add the rest of welcome info, including team song and tools

README.md, after:

# Team Khronos
This repository is maintained by:

* [Victoria Rhine](https://github.com/Victoria-Rhine)
* [Maksim Stoyanov](https://github.com/MaxWOU) 
* [Brandon Linton](https://github.com/vern97)

We are Computer Science students at Western Oregon University, in the process of completing our senior sequence. This repository will contain all information on our capstone project: Beyond the Tutor.

### **Motto**
>*All in Good Time*

### The contents of this repository includes:

1. [BTT](https://github.com/vern97/Khronos)
    - Our primary team project
2. [Milestones](/Milestones)
    - [Milestone 1](/Milestones/Milestone_1)
        - Initial team vision. Created letterhead, team business cards, logo, schedule, project ideas and motto.
    - [Miletsone 2](/Milestones/Milestone_2)
        - Initial inception for inclass project. Chose two project ideas from the intitial three to further brainstorm.
    - [Milestone 3](/Milestones/Miletsone_3)
        - First sprint for inclass project. Decided on our team project: Beyond the Tutor. Started first inception, including interviews and questions, list of needs and features and use case diagram.
    - [Milestone 4](/Milestones/Milestone_4)
        - Second and final sprint for inclass project. Started second week of inception for Beyond the Tutor. Contains a markdown file linking to all pieces of inception material.
    - [Milestone 5](/Milestones/Milestone_5)
        - Completed sprint review for inclass project. Finished last week of reviewing inception, including finishing final ERD.
        
## Khronos Team Project
### Beyond the Tutor

Khronos has decided to take on a project to create a Tutoring service for the Computer Science Department at Western Oregon University.
We decided to take on this project because the Computer Science Department does not currently have a modern tutoring system. With the expansion
of the Computer Science field, we believe that our department deserves the best technology they can get their hands on to assist the learning environment for 
current and future Computer Science students; Khronos aims to bring that vision to life for their tutoring program.

### Vision Statement

>*For Western Oregon University computer science students, tutors, and professors who need a centralized portal to address department needs, 
Beyond the Tutor is an information system that will provide online resources for students, a modernized system for tutors, 
and comprehensive insights for professors. For students, the system will display real-time tutoring availability, 
provide an efficient avenue for in-person and online tutoring sessions, and consolidate additional resources. 
For tutors, the system will alleviate the burden of personally relaying tutoring information to students by moving the process to an easy-to-use interface. 
Tutors will also benefit from digital time sheets to quickly and accurately log time worked. For professors, 
data collected from tutoring sessions will provide a better understanding of student needs both in real-time and over the long term through predictive analytics. 
The system will improve computer science tutoring using continuous information and modernized tools. This, combined with data to assist the department in program design, 
will return better student performance results in the computer science program. Unlike the outdated processes used in the department, 
our product will provide a state-of-the-art resource for the Computer Science Department. *

### Getting Started
You can read how to clone and setup this project [here](). Contributing guidelines can be found [here]().

### Software Construction Processes
For this project we are following Disciplined Agile Develivery (DAD) process framework. Our inception phase is to last three weeks, followed by two week sprints.
Each week we conduct sprint planning meetings, and at the end of each sprint we conduct a sprint review and retrospective.

### Tools and Packages
Visit this page for a complete list of [tools](Milestones/Milestone_5/BTT_Tools).

## Feel Free to Play Our Team Song on Repeat
[Come and Get Your Love](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eo813WVXqk8)
