## Class Project Retrospective

 - Brandon Linton
 - Maksim Stoyanov
 - Victoria Rhine

Our web application works as intended. A visitor to the site cannot access information only available to a registered user. The web application is professionally styled and information is delivered quickly. 

We learned several things from the sprint, including how to work as a team, and many technical aspects. **Brandon** learned how to handle merge conflicts; how to change a button display depending on who is logged in; to give detailed descriptions to user stories on pivotal tracker; to detail tasks in the order they should be completed; and, that epics do not need to be in user story format. **Max** refined his knowledge about using tables he didn't create and linking to another SQL script; how to work with multiple connection strings; how to work better with view models; and, that tasks are derived from user story descriptions. **Victoria** learned how to work with bootstrap 4, especially the navigation bar; how to change the navigation bar view depending on who is logged in; how to use locally downloaded images on Azure; and, she began to notice the differences between nonfunctional and functional requirements. 

There were minor hiccups along the way, which has taught us how to better tackle our next project. Brandon shared his concern regarding sticking to our features and our features only during a sprint, and thinks the team should be more detailed in tasks-specifically, having more than one task per user story, but not too many. Max is learning the challenges of linking a user identity into an existing user table generated by ASP.NET, and has taken on the challenge of being the database owner and closing any knowledge gaps. Victoria thinks the team should be more diligent about preparing user stories before they are placed into the backlog so that edits are not made during the sprint.

Areas of improvement going forward are mainly centered around using GitHub as a team. We will have a naming convention for branches following a firstInitial-featureName format. We will have consistency when writing commit messages. A commit message should complete the sentence, "When I commit and push this code, it will _." For example, When I commit and push this code, it will *Add a search feature for athletes*. Every pull request should include a descriptive message so that Brandon, the Git Owner, knows exactly what to expect before examining the request. Code should be pushed when progress has been made, not just when a feature is completed-we think it is better to push frequently so that work is not lost and so that Brandon's review process as Git Owner is made simpler.



