 1. They want a modern site with school colors and a custom logo. The homepage should be simple yet informative. It should be obvious how to register, login, use additional features, and read FAQs. Current tutoring availability is visible.   
 2. The general public will be able to view tutoring availability, read FAQs, and use calculators. 
 3. Student logins with a valid WOU email will be required to schedule online tutoring, participate in online tutoring, and to store information generated by calculators.
 4. Tutor logins with valid credentials will be required to update availability, provide online tutoring, accept grading requests, and update time sheets. 
 5. Professor logins with valid credentials will be required to view collected data and to submit grading requests. 
 6. Admin logins with valid credentials will be required to provide oversight on the application.
 7. Student registration will require first and last name, valid school email, class standing, and secure password. There will be clearly marked voluntary fields to provide additional information that is useful for professor insights. Password should be confirmed and email should be validated. 
 8.  Student registration and login should somehow be separated from elevated user registration and login. 
 9. Student accounts will be marked inactive or removed from the system once the student has graduated. 
 10. There should be a FAQs section that explains how the application works. 
 11. There should be an additional resources section that includes grades calculators.
 12. When a student submits a scheduling request, there should be a way to alert the tutors and a messaging system to confirm or deny the request. Requests must be submitted within a reasonable window and cancellations are required if a student can't attend the session. Tutors should have a way to note whether a student attended the session and there should be reasonable action taken if a student has a pattern of not attending sessions without cancellation. 
 13. Tutoring sessions should be available in common sense increments, such as 15, 30, 45, or 60 minute blocks. 
 14. Scheduling online sessions with tutors working in the tutoring center is not allowed, however it is okay to have an online drop-in feature for quick questions. There should be a way for students accessing the online application to see if a tutor is online or busy with another student. 
 15. Tutors should be able to log which class they tutored and input a short descriptor of topics covered. Other session information, such as duration of session, should be auto generated upon completion of the session.
 16. There should be an online interface with interactive whiteboard and chat via text capabilities. Both student and tutor should be able to upload documents to share during the session. 
 17. Tutors should be able to add real-time service alerts to display on the homepage.  Only service alerts for that day should display on the homepage, otherwise display a message saying everything is on schedule. 
 18. There should be a online time sheet tracking tool that automatically receives duration time from online sessions and can manually accept input from time worked in the tutoring center. Duration from online sessions should not be something a tutor can edit. Tutors can input and edit other times. 
 19. Data collected from sessions and registration should be displayed in useful ways on dynamically generated graphs. Professors and admins can view this information. There should be machine learning or an algorithm implemented to make predictive analysis. 
 20. Chat logs from online sessions should not be stored. 
 21. There should be a feature that easily allows a professor to submit grading requests to a tutor. Professors should be able to see how many grading tasks are currently assigned to each tutor. Students should be able to mark a request as received and professors should be able to see the request was received. Students should be able to mark a request as finished to update their current amount of tasks. 